I'll have a lobster okay then finish any
kind of fish that's good
I want you to meet our friend will not
yet remember two of whom I like your
your friend that's right we will thank
you
you mind if I take pictures of you sure
did leave you a tip how long will look
like to make that yeah really and what
kind of what is that cedar so that's a
soft wood right God would did you make
all these that are here pretty
what's that one going to be yeah this
one will be a duck a duck end up with a
bowl okay so do you stay in it with it
users shoe polish or a real stain or
right can I get you a drink over there
you want a drink does not sell drink all
right i'll give you something put your
name we when you get a minute i'm going
to show you what this looks like okay
when you want to take a break how many
years have you been doing it three years
okay i'll be back
for now do you where do you get your
cedar you go up there and get it
yourself okay so do you use a bigger
acts to take it down I use a change
change though yeah sure I'm going to let
you work i'll be back well I will in a
minute because I don't want it once i
stop it i'll show you in a minute okay
actually i'll show you now